we saw a bunch of sneak peeks of this in
a number of other talks earlier today so
really the motivation behind the file
point this particular GUI was just to
have a really nice like user interface
to interact with file Quinten for most
of the functions that you would you
would be able to have through a file
Quin node but also some additional
functionality that a user might expect
but maybe that like the core file claim
protocol doesn't enable today and some
of those features are enabled through
power gate as Erin mentioned earlier the
home screen here is like the impact that
we wanted to have with this was you know
it's actually really cool that as a you
know as a user of Dropbox or Google
Drive or something like that you your
data is probably not stored in a very
interesting place no matter how much
data you throw on one of these services
it's probably all in one location but
with file point conceivably your data
could be distributed all over the world
and so the idea here was to have a
visualization of where your data is
located and a number of high-level
statistics of course this is still you
know still a prototype but some
high-level statistics on how much data
have you stored and retrieved on the
network over time what are some of the
average market prices so that when this
is sort of supposed to be useful
information so when you want to go and
make further storage and retrieval deals
in the future you can see kind of how
the market is behaving there's also just
you know just some quick links oh thank
you um there's some quick links here to
see like the data that you've recently
stored or accessed on the network and
this should be able to like if you click
into it just render the actual file in
the in the browser as well and there are
some other things here because all of
this would be stored on your power gate
node or your ipfs node or your file
point node you could also like download
it to your local machine
I think the wallet view here is pretty
cool as well so we tried to borrow a lot
of the mechanics that you see in other
crypto wallets today there's like a QR
code so that if you want your friend to
send you some money kind of like you
know a proto venmo on file coin they
could just scan you
address you should be able to choose
between different addresses and see all
of the transactions is affiliated with a
particular address there are some flows
here to be able to send transactions
easily to other users on the network and
one extension that we'd like to explore
for this down the line is being able to
have just in the way that you know we
have profiles and right now this is
Andrew um but you should be able to
search for other users on the network
via a username and then interact you
know send send transactions to other
users and that way as opposed to having
to just interact with this like very not
human readable file Quinn address one of
the things we mentioned a little bit
earlier today was just 500 claim payment
channels and so you know there's a view
here to be able to interact directly
with payment channels and I think files
is probably like where we expect most of
the users most users to spend most of
their time so this really you know still
work in progress but the idea really
here was that we wanted to just provide
a storage experience that users are
familiar with like either interacting
with your native file system explorers
or cloud storage you know user
interfaces like Google Drive and Dropbox
and so on and so um you know you should
be able to like cook in two different
folders there's nothing in this one you
know there's some things here and
similarly like everything should be
clickable within the UI we see a lot of
this particular I asked some nice
Renaissance style paintings and one
thing to note here as well is that like
when you I think we don't have this
display yet but the idea is that you
should be able to kind of just
drag-and-drop whatever file you want to
storms and Network into your files view
and it would then trigger the whole you
know storage process on the file coin
network but abstracting away a lot of
again a lot of the complexity that might
be more complicated for end-users who
really just want to store their data on
the underlying network yeah similar
thing here you know we have this concept
of deals in file coins so every time you
decide to make a storage contract
with a minor that deal that handshake
agreement through the protocol is called
the storage deal and so you see all of
the deals listed here with some metadata
about you know what type of deal it is
how these are stored some of them are
for retrieval what is like the
identifiers for that particular deal
this is you know file Quinn just just
like because if I open uses IP FS we
also use content identifier to address
all information so you can easily find
you know your data is also addressed by
content I see IDs and the idea is that
you could like copy your CID and maybe
search for it that is not it but you
know search for that particular file and
also retrieve it through this interface
as well through like searching for it or
making a deal directly through the deal
interface and then just like power gate
enables some of the functionality that
Aaron and Andrew talked about being able
to Auto renew deals when they expire and
so on all of that should also be
accessible through this UI data
transfers are kind of intended to be
some analogous to I mean it's just it's
pretty obvious I guess it's just you
know like when you're transferring data
to a miner and so it would show some
progress bars on how much of your data
has been transferred and how much is
remaining it's one so there's some other
like fields here
I think this prototype is actually I
think we're gonna be this might actually
be something that anyone can access
already today we'd love feedback on it
you know like how in terms of usability
how easy is this to use in terms of
features is there anything that you
think would be really great that's
currently missing so it's definitely
still a work in progress but I think
some really exciting directions and I
think this is aiming to be launched
within like the next month or so and so
and on top of power gate or the next one
or two months and so really excited to
have people start interacting with this
and then I also just want to say like
I'm you know this particular project
Jimmy Lee on the file claim team is like
the designer extraordinaire who's come
up with all of this so I'm just giving
her a little demo shape because he
wasn't feeling well but really awesome
and I think you'll see a lot more of him
in the
i PFS developing communities and also
like just you know as we've been saying
all of today textile team so awesome and
like being able to actually enable these
types of powerful user experiences and
this is just one I think of money that
will come so really excited for everyone
to interact with this